

146 captures
4 Aug 2009 - 7 Jun 2023

FebMarApr17201620182019
  




 About this capture

PREDICT THE WINNER!
This site does not serve to predict winner of a football match, for instance; what this site can do is to teach you how to doing it - all by yourself!
First of all, you must become familiar with the art of horary astrology.
Horary astrology can be used to predict the winner of a sports event in two ways:
by horary chart analysis for the event taking place
by horary chart analysis for specific question
For the event chart, we always cast a chart for date, time and place of the match.
For a horary chart involving a specific question we cast a chart for the date, time and place when someone asks the question, if the data are known. Otherwise, we do it for the date, time and place when we (astrologers) understand the question.

BASIC RULES USED FOR READING SPORTS ASTROLOGY CHARTS
The 1st and 7th house shows opponents
The 5th house, and 11th house (counted as 5th from the 7th) describe how they play the game
The 10th house and 4th house (counted as 10th from the 7th) indicates their honour and the ability to win the game
There are several methods to do a horary reading of an event chart where we need to consider the home team and the visiting team.
The home team is represented by ASC and visiting is represented by the DSC
The favorite team is represented by ASC and underdog is represented by the DSC
My favourite method is to assign ASC or DSC upon the kit's colour of teams.
I think it is a most secure variant. Why? Because, ASC for one team, and DSC for another team are all about appearances, that is the first impression what we get when ASC or DSC team run on the playground and then we usually say: "White" are our team, and "red" are "enemy"(for example).
Example
Here is the picture from match Manchester United vs Arsenal (0:1), 17 September 2006, 16h, Manchester.

Look well at this picture, and then look at the chart! How appropriate is chart regarding the kit's colour of teams in this case!
If you cast the chart you got ASC=3Cap05.
Ruler of ASC is Sa in Leo. As you see on picture, Arsenal has yellow (Leo) and black (Sa) sports kit. So Arsenal is ASC and its ruler!
Ruler of DSC is Moon (white) in Leo (bright red). So, DSC and its ruler is Manchester United.

If we are casting a horary or casting an event chart, and there is a strong favorite, the usual delineation for the VOC Moon fits nicely. Nothing much happens, i.e., the favorite wins."Nothing much happens" means that the expected result occurs.
If we are dealing with a sport like boxing, where there is a sitting champion who will either retain his crown or lose it, as opposed to a season long effort to obtain top ranking or a tournament like Wimbledon, then we would use the 10th house for the champion and the 4th house for the opponent. Again, the VOC Moon would indicate the champion retains his crown.
If you are not sure which team to choose for the ASC just look for a colour which is suitable for the ASC sign and its ruler:
Zodiacal Signs and ColorsZodiacal Planets and ColorsColours - The Foundation of Accurate Prediction
There are some final matches which are being held on neutral stadiums and in than case it is not easy to decide which team is the ASC and which one is the DSC. In such a situation you have to consider the adequate zodiacal sign which represents the country or the city in the question. For that purpose go to this link:
Zodiacal Signs and Countries
When you determine who is ASC and who is DSC, first check out the potential for a draw. The match is drawn usually if:
the Moon is in detriment or fall
the Moon applying to a malefic
the Moon is combust
the Moon's dispositor is combust
the Moon applying to or separating from a conjunction of the South node
the Moon's dispositor applying to or separating from a conjunction of the South node
the Moon's dispositor is retrograde
the Moon is VOC (draw or favorite wins)
If the Lord of the hour is just about to change (within 3 minutes), or has just changed (again within 3 minutes)
Here is the example chart for the match which ended as a draw - 1:1. This is the event chart for match Barcelona vs. Chelsea.

As you see, the dispositor of the Moon is combust and retrograde. I noticed, in my practice, then whenever you have retrograde planet in house of fame and success (10th house for the ASC team, or 4th house for the DSC team, here we have Sa rx in 10th house), there are more possibility that goals will be scored in the second half of the match. That was the case in this match. Ronaldinho (Barcelona) scores in 78min, and then in 90+2min. Lampard (Chelsea) scores from the penalty spot. I also noticed, from my practice than whenever you have Chiron in the 10th or 4th there are more possibility of penalty.
Extra time and penalties...
When in horary event chart angles are cardinal, rulers cardinal and Moon cardinal all happens very quickly so everything will be completed until 90 min.
When in horary event chart angles are mutable, rulers mutable and Moon mutable all happens less quick so we can expect extra time.
When in horary event chart angles are fixed signs, rulers and Moon also all happens slowly so we can expect penalties.
Of course, you will rarely get so clear "picture", but you then count and see what fact prevails (cardinal, mutable, fix).
See my example chart for extra time and penalties:
UEFA CUP 2007 - FinalIf there is no potential for a draw, then go on and look for rulers of corresponding houses, their accidental dignities and determine which is stronger. Please note that this step takes careful consideration and it is never as easy as it sounds like! But if accidental dignities and debilities are more or less equal, a strong discrepancy of essential dignity can be crucial.
For Lilly's table to examine the accidental dignity & debility of each planet click here!
For Lilly's table to examine the essential dignity & debility of each planet click here!
Remember these rules:
Moon near ASC or MC (orb 2 degrees) ASC team will win
Moon near DSC or IC (orb 2 degrees) DSC team will win
Ruler of 1st house on the cusp of DSC(orb 2 degrees) ASC team will win
Ruler of 7th house on the cusp of ASC(orb 2 degrees) DSC team will win
The North node strengthens the house in which it is. So, if it is in the 7th house it is a good sign for DSC team.
A ruler in an angular house has great advantage over one in a cadent or succedent house.
If the ruler is closer to a house cusp, the greater its effect on that house.
If the ruler is in a different sign to the house cusp, its effect will be greatly diminished.
Look for applaying Moon's aspects with the ruler of 1st and ruler of the 7th house within 5 degrees. But, if the Moon is near the end of sign look for Moon's aspects only until end of that sign. Which ruler Moon last aspect, that team will win! It is not important if that aspect is easy one (trine, sextile) or hard (square, opposition). But if the Moon's applaying aspect is conjunction with one of the ruler, that is "end of story"! The winner is the team which is represented with that ruler!
Look for applaying Moon's aspects with POF (daily formula) or with antiscion of POF (APOF)
a)If Moon conjunct, sextile, trine POF or APOF ASC team will win!!
b)If Moon square, oppose POF or APOF DSC team will win!!
Remember: Moon's aspect with POF or APOF is FINAL!
POF on North Node - ASC team will win
POF on South Node - DSC team will win
When the Moon is in the Via Combust way (which is between 15 degrees Libra and 15 degrees Scorpio), avoid to predict a winner, because with this Moon's position outcome is unpredictable!
TIMING OF GOALS
Thanks to Peter from Canada, one member of Sports astrology forum I get to know how to predict timing of goals! Here are his suggestions:
If you want to predict the time when goals will be scored you have to add a minute by minute on kick/off time and see if there are some change regarding signs on cusps or regarding planet entering in the new house. But the problem is that not every change means goal, but every change is possible for goal.
For goals in the second half it is important to know add time and pause time exactly. For example, goals scored in 61min may mean 45 min 1st half + for example 2 minutes add time + 15 minutes pause +16 minutes from 2nd half. Because there must past 4min for change one degree, in some cases you have goal few minutes after some change.
Example:
Here is the event chart for match Barcelona vs Werder Bremen 2:0 (12min, 17min); 5 Dec 2006. 8:45, GMT+1, Comp Now, 2E11, 41N23.

As you see, after only 2 min from kick/off, ASC/DSC axis change sign to Le/Aq, but at that time no one scored. Next change was at 20:55h (10 min), when Mercury from the 5th house entered in 4th house. Two minutes later Ronaldinho score for Barcelona. At 21:02h (17min) Saturn entered 1st house and that was the time when Gudjohnsen scored the second goal for Barcelona.
From my experience goals are usually scored when:
POF is in partile aspect with the ruler of the 1st, 7th, 4th, 10th house, or Chiron, or ASC/DSC or MC/IC axis, or Nodes
Antiscion of the POF is in partile aspect with the ruler of the 1st, 7th, 4th, 10th house
Ruler or Antiscion of the ruler of the 1st, 7th, 4th, 10th house is in partile aspect with ASC/DSC or MC/IC axis
Moon or Antiscion of the Moon is in partile aspect with ASC/DSC or MC/IC axis
Nodes are in partile aspect with ASC/DSC or MC/IC axis
ASC/DSC axis and MC/IC axic on same degree
ASC/DSC axis or the MC/IC axis change sign
Chiron in partile aspect with ASC/DSC or MC/IC axis
In the example above, at the scoring time, 20:55, we had Sun's antiscion (ruler of 1st house) at 16 Cap 28, in partile square with the MC/IC axis! At the time when a 2nd goal was scored, at 21:02 we had POF in partile sextile with Sun, ruler of the 1st house!

EXAMPLES
For the time being, we have provided you with a few examples, but later we will add some fresh new ones, so please be invited to see them and do visit us again!

Super Bowl 52: New England Patriots vs Philadelphia EaglesMore examples will be coming soon...Crvena Zvezda vs KrasnodarWho will win the Formula 1 WC 2017, team/driver?Greek Cup: PAOK vs AEKWill Kimi Raikkonen win tomorrow?Georgia vs SerbiaWill Kimi win Russian Grand Prix tomorrow?Hamilton or Rosberg - Who will win F12016 tittle?Super Bowl 51: New England Patriots vs Atlanta FalconsWill Phil Mickelson win the 2016 Masters Golf Tournament?Will Dinamo defend the league title in 2016?Will Messi leave Barcelona in 2015?SUPER BOWL 50: Denver Broncos vs Carolina PanthersWill Alonso win a championship next year with team McLaren-Honda?Arsenal vs Manchester CitySerbia vs PortugalWill Valentino Rossi be 2015 MotoGp champion?Will Partizan beat Steaua on 29th July 2015?Manchester City vs JuventusWho will win the Wimbledon 2015 final?Will Newcastle be relegated from the Premier League 2014/15?Will Partizan be the winner of the Serbian Cup 2015?Will Cleveland win the NBA Finals 2015?More examples: Page 2 , Page 3 , Page 4

Hopefully, you will find my experience useful and soon you will become inspired to inquire more deeply into a most wonderful world of horary astrology!
If you have your own examples (with explanations) of any sports astrology events, please send it to me, I will publish them on this site.

YOUR EXAMPLES
Konrad Klawikowski:Football matches do not have to be fixed to know the result!Jeff Degener:Horse race: Super Zanyatta!Enlil:Will Spain beat Portugal and go to final?TK:Penalties and ChironTK:Pluto's charts - When the bottom comes to topTK:Get lucky -The Part of Fortune in sport chartsEnlil:Retrograde 10th house rulerVuk Zivkovic:The easiest method for predicting results!Fensi88:Predict the winner of the tennis match!TK:Forget about winning - as long as YOU are winning!TK:Top scores!To contact me, send email: [email protected]. Use the same email if you want to know
when this page has been updated (with subject "subscribe").

This page has been visited

Web Counter
times since Feb 23th, 2006!
Thanks Webs.com for free hosting and Web Counter for Free Hit Counter!


ZODIACAL PLANETS AND COLORS
Zodiacal Planets and ColorsSUNgold, yellow, orange, red, purpleMOONwhite, sea green, silver, light blue, violet, red-orange, pale yellowMERCURYyellow(Ge), white(Vi), light color combination, spotted, grey, mixedVENUSwhite, light green, blue, pink, lemon yellowMARSred, black, muddy greens, brownJUPITERblue, purple, red, yellow, orange, greenSATURNblack, dark green, brown, grey, gloomy colors, dark blueURANdark blue, violet, streaked and mixed colorsNEPTUNLavender, sea-green, smoke-blue and possibly peculiar shades of greyPLUTONLuminous pigments, in unusual shades containing a large percentage of dark red, dark violet